1. I believe the most difficult aspect of developing a project in a larger team is everyone being on the same page. For example, If someone doesn’t put in as much work as they were suppose to, or doesn’t understand how to do something that everyone else does, it could get annoying. Working on the collaborative project this week made me realize this. The person’s project I chose was no where near done and If this was a group project, it would have been annoying having to fix all of the mistakes. If everyone isn’t on the same page, it probably won’t work very well.
2. A remote is a repository that is stored remotely. In a forking workflow, this repository can be forked be other team members to make their own copies of it. The team members can create branches, which are a snapshot of your changes. The branches can be pushed to their repository and they can submit a pull request to the official repository to merge their changes. An example of a remote would be the CSET repo that we all forked ours from. An example of a branch would be the branches we created for the collaborative project.
3. For the collaborative project this week, I employed the forking workflow. I used this workflow because our projects are on our forked repositories. I added my team member’s remote to my local device, created a branch, and checked it out. After I finished the editing or problem fixing, I committed the changes I’ve made. Once committed, I pushed it to my repository and submitted a pull request to my team member’s repository, so they can merge the changes I’ve made into there code.
