1. Now that I have spent a few weeks working on longer projects, I think I will adapt to working in the professional world fairly well. However, I believe by the end of the course, I will adapt far better than I would now. Where I am now versus where I was when I first started the course seems a little crazy already. It has only been about 9 weeks and I have learned what seems like an unbelievable amount of information in such a short timeframe, which I can use when moving on to doing this professionally. I can’t imagine how I will feel looking back once the course is over.
2. Once the user has clicked a button to select which room to enter in the Choose-Your-Own-Adventure game, I would probably manipulate the page to show the next room's description by using an event handler. I would probably use the `.addEventListener("click", () => {}` which I can assign to a button or something the user clicks. Inside I can place anything I wanted to change once the user clicks.  If the room’s description is in a selector called “desc”, I could place `desc.textContent = “blah, blah”` inside of the event listener which will change the description when the user clicks on it.
3. Different data structures are very useful. The Document Object Model, in particular, is a useful way to interact and manage the data within a HTML document. You can use the DOM to add new content, edit existing content, and remove content. I don’t believe the DOM would work well as any structure other than a tree because HTML is a bunch of nested tags and the DOM moves through these nested tags like it’s a tree with branches. It starts at the root of the tree, the parent html tag, and the branches of the tree would be all of the nested tags that the DOM can move through.
