1. Overall, I think I would be pretty comfortable answering questions about things that I understand well in a job interview. However, some previous assessment questions on things that I didn’t fully understand or forgot about, I would go back to the readings/links to refresh my memory. So, I would probably need to refresh my memory on some things before going to the interview, as well. Honestly, I wouldn’t say that the assessments have helped me more than a test or quiz might have because, even though I don’t care for them, tests and quizzes help me memorize things better.
2. One tool that I think will be the most beneficial for me is any type of version control. We have been using Git and I have found that very useful. Git lets you save versions of your code and you can keep track of every change. So, if you make a mistake or want to go back and check something you can go back to previous versions. Git is important if you want to keep track of code mortifications and mistakes.
3. The waterfall method is a list of project objectives in a linear fashion. So, relating it to the tic talc toe game, you would probably complete all of the html first, then the css, then the javascript, then test it. The agile method is more like a circle of objectives. Applying this to the tic tac toe game, you would probably complete a part of the html, then style that part using css, then adding part of the javascript. When that part works, you would repeat those steps on another part of the project, and so on. This way, with the agile method, if you run out of time on a project, you at least have some functional parts, instead of chunks of code that don’t work.
