1. I will keep up with the changing of the tools and techniques for web development by researching and making a habit of checking for any changes. I will then teach myself whatever new techniques of changes are there. I can look to find these changes on google. More specifically, a site that keeps up with the changes. (I believe w3schools was mentioned). That, or a better option could be something like that Github link we discussed in class that keeps track of changes.
2. Some of the limitations of using floats for layout are, they don’t have as many properties as flex, they can be buggy, and you can do most of the things you can do with float with flex, and more. Bugs could include, things not being aligned how they were meant to be aligned, the float could accidentally cover other things, etc. Something flex also has that float doesn’t is flex-wrap, which can be used to force items onto one line or wrap onto multiple lines.
3. A flex property that affects the main or cross axis on a flex container would be jutify-content , for example. This property aligns the container in different ways, depending of the value, on the main axis. If you justified the content the the center, it would align the container to the center of the main axis. The result can change, however, if the flex direction is set to a column, or a row, or reversing either. If the direction is a row and justified to the center, the container would be aligned horizontally at the top in the middle. If the direction was a column instead, the container would align vertically on the left in the middle. Reverse column or row reverses the order.
