1. I believe it is important that HTML is an open standard controlled by a specification rather than being owned by one person or company because the person or company that owes it would probably charge some kind of monthly subscription for people to use it. That company could also potentially limit what devices HTML would be compatible with. There could also be rival companies offering similar product that wouldn’t work with HTML. One company or person should not benefit financially from something that is meant for everyone. It would just make it very annoying.
2. The difference between an element and a tag is, tags are merely the opening and closing tags, not the contents inside of those tags. For example, the <p and </p paragraph tags are tags. Nothing inside of those tags are considered a tag. Elements, however, are the opening tag, the closing tag, and the contents in between. For example, the tags and content inside of <pThis is a paragraph.</p are together an element. (Had to write the tags like <p because it actually made a paragraph.)
3. The two quotes, used in the lecture, from Yoda and Noam Chomsky can relate to the HTML I write because they explain syntax and semantics. The quote from Yoda, “The greatest teacher, failure is.” is technically correct, but most people would probably say, “Failure is the greatest teacher.” I related this to how you can write some code that works, but is not semantically correct. The quote from Noam Chomsky, “Colorless green ideas sleep furiously” just doesn’t make any sense. So, I would relate this to writing your code syntactically incorrect and receiving an error because it can’t be translated.
