1. My favorite CSS property, so far, would probably have to be any that changes the color of something. For example, “color”, “background-color”, “border-color”, etc. It is one of my favorite properties because applying color brings life to the webpage. Without color, the HTML file is pretty plain and boring. I also think it is amazing how there is over 16 million different colors that you can choose from.
2. If I were to make a website for a restaurant and had to style the menu options to show that some are spicy or vegetarian or gluten-free, I would probably use different colors to show which are which. I may also use different fonts. But, for the different colors, I would use a red for the spicy food because hot food is usually associated with red, and green is normally what you’d use to show a vegetarian meal. I have also seen menus with small symbols next to the meal, like a red peeper next to a spicy dish or a green leaf next to a vegetarian dish. 
3. Cascade is the order in which the CSS is read. This can help you organize your CSS because the last takes priority. So, if you wanted to override anything, you’d put it at the bottom. Inheritance is when a property is applied to a parent element, the child element inherits that same property. This can help you organize your CSS if you want the parent and child element to look the same. Specificity is when you use a selector to select an individual element. This can help you organize your CSS because selectors take priority over rules/inheritance.
