Assessment One:

1. Everything that I have learned this week is important. However, in my opinion, the most important thing that I’ve learned would have to be how numbers, strings, and operators are used in JavaScript and how they all can work together. I also believe that they are pretty fundamental because numbers are used in just about everything, operators are used to add, subtract, multiply, and divide those numbers, and strings are used to represent text. Like I said though, all of the things I have learned this week are equally important.

2. Using the concept of abstraction, the general idea of high and low level programming languages basically boils down to what we can understand more as humans versus what is more understandable to a machine. High level programming languages are meant to make it easier for programmers to comprehend. Low level programming languages, on the other hand, are meant for machines and are more difficult for humans to understand. 

3. JavaScript’s flexibility with values and types might help you using coercion. For example, when trying to divide the number 6 by the string ‘2’, it will convert the string into a number automatically. console.log(6 / ‘2’) comes up as 3. A con, or a way this flexibility may get in the way, is when you try and divide a number by a string. For example, if I ran console.log(6 / ‘two’) it would come up as NaN (not a number). Another con would be if I tried to divide the number by the string without using quotations. For Example, console.log(6 / two) would bring up an error saying “ReferenceError: Can't find variable: two”.
