1. After completing the first course, I would probably rate myself a 7/10. I feel like I struggled a little. Mainly with being unprepared for what I was expected to do in order to succeed in the course. I didn’t really take as much opportunity as I should have to work or study beyond the minimum requirements or use any of the extra resources that were given to me. Something I definitely would like to change at the start of the next course is to take advantage of all the extra resources that I am given and also work and study harder.
2. There are a few differences between objects and arrays. Objects are used to record the properties of a certain thing. The properties can be used do describe the thing and each property has a key and value. Arrays are used to record things in more of a list style. Items in the list can be called upon, added, or removed by using the arrays index. The index is the numerical order of the items in the list starting with zero (0,1,2,3…). So, the main difference is that arrays are more like an ordered list of items and objects are more the properties of a thing.
3. I believe the author chose to use arrays over objects for the weresquirrel example because he wanted to make more of a list to record the events that led to the transformation into a squirrel. An object wouldn’t have really worked the same because they are used more for the characteristics of a thing. Objects would probably have been a great addition to my adventure game. I could have used them to keep track of the players health, or how much damage a weapon does, or how much protection a piece of armor gives, etc.
